https://codepen.io/nate-pace/pen/jOMeapo?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
semantic html is to label and order everything so it makes sense. doesnt affect apperance.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
 it allows developers to create sections and paragraphs, links, headers, for webpages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 an attribute modifies the function of an element type.  we put it after the element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? 
How many times should I use it on a page?
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 
img, and <a>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
 <header>
    7. What is an id?
 id is an attribute that points to a style inthe style sheet.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
 any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
 1 time
    10. What is a class?
 a specific section of html you want the css to apply to.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
 div, section, header
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
use the attribute target:_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
to make google like us. it describes what the thing is 
    15. How do I reference an id?
#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
a div can have anything inside of it. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
style
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id can reference 1 element, class can do many.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.whatevertheclassiscalled {
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
parent>child, selects all elements that are a direct child to the parent. so if its easier to have a parent to everything, just select that.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a keyword added to a selector that specifies what you're doing., like :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
border-style:dotted;
border-width:1px;
border-color:black
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* jaklsjfdl;sa */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
there is no recycle bin, no warning, its just GONE.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
its important to keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
whenever you finished a change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin asdfa
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork, clone, change in gitbash, add, commit, push, pull merge.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
